docs/npm.md, before:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
# npm Install Requirements

- [Ubuntu, Debian](#ubuntu-debian)
- [Fedora, CentOS, RHEL](#fedora-centos-rhel)
- [Alpine](#alpine)
- [macOS](#macos)
- [FreeBSD](#freebsd)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

If you're installing the npm module you'll need certain dependencies to build the native modules used by VS Code.

- Node.js: version `= 14`. Other versions may work, but your mileage may vary.

_Note: We use the same major version of Node.js that is shipped in VSCode's Electron. VS Code also lists Node.js requirements. See [here](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/wiki/How-to-Contribute#prerequisites)._

Related:

- [#1633](https://github.com/cdr/code-server/issues/1633)

## Ubuntu, Debian

```bash
sudo apt-get install -y \
  build-essential \
  pkg-config \
  python3
npm config set python python3
```

## Fedora, CentOS, RHEL

```bash
sudo yum groupinstall -y 'Development Tools'
sudo yum config-manager --set-enabled PowerTools # unnecessary on CentOS 7
sudo yum install -y python2
npm config set python python2
```

## Alpine

```bash
apk add alpine-sdk bash libstdc++ libc6-compat
npm config set python python3
```

## macOS

```bash
xcode-select --install
```

## FreeBSD

```sh
pkg install -y git python npm-node14 yarn-node14 pkgconf
pkg install -y libinotify
```

Commit message:

docs(npm): add npm_config_build env notes

docs/npm.md, after:

<!-- START doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->
<!-- DON'T EDIT THIS SECTION, INSTEAD RE-RUN doctoc TO UPDATE -->
# npm Install Requirements

- [Ubuntu, Debian](#ubuntu-debian)
  - [Distros Older than 18.04](#distros-older-than-1804)
- [Fedora, CentOS, RHEL](#fedora-centos-rhel)
- [Alpine](#alpine)
- [macOS](#macos)
- [FreeBSD](#freebsd)

<!-- END doctoc generated TOC please keep comment here to allow auto update -->

If you're installing the npm module you'll need certain dependencies to build the native modules used by VS Code.

- Node.js: version `= 14`. Other versions may work, but your mileage may vary.

_Note: We use the same major version of Node.js that is shipped in VSCode's Electron. VS Code also lists Node.js requirements. See [here](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode/wiki/How-to-Contribute#prerequisites)._

Related:

- [#1633](https://github.com/cdr/code-server/issues/1633)

## Ubuntu, Debian

```bash
sudo apt-get install -y \
  build-essential \
  pkg-config \
  python3
npm config set python python3
```

### Distros Older than 18.04

If you are using a distro older than Ubntu 18.04 and you are using `yarn global add` to install code-server, please make sure to set `npm_config_build_from_source=true`.

This is due to an upstream issue with RHEL7/CentOS 7 comptability with node-argon2
See details [here](https://github.com/cdr/code-server/pull/3422#pullrequestreview-677765057) and [here](https://github.com/ranisalt/node-argon2/issues/276).

## Fedora, CentOS, RHEL

```bash
sudo yum groupinstall -y 'Development Tools'
sudo yum config-manager --set-enabled PowerTools # unnecessary on CentOS 7
sudo yum install -y python2
npm config set python python2
```

## Alpine

```bash
apk add alpine-sdk bash libstdc++ libc6-compat
npm config set python python3
```

## macOS

```bash
xcode-select --install
```

## FreeBSD

```sh
pkg install -y git python npm-node14 yarn-node14 pkgconf
pkg install -y libinotify
```
